Fix #2171: Review and update documentation (#2175)
lime-company/powerauth-server: docs/Encrypting-Records-in-Database.md

# Encrypting Records in Database

To improve protection of sensitive data stored in the database, such as master private keys, activation private keys, temporary keys, callback authentication, and other sensitive data, PowerAuth Server supports two layers of protection:

- Database-level encryption (transparent data encryption)
- Application-level per-record encryption

Both should be enabled in production deployments.

## Transparent Data Encryption

As a basic security measure, we suggest using data encryption support of your database engine to protect the records stored in the database. Most of the database engines support the mechanism of "transparent data encryption", see for example:

- [Oracle](https://docs.oracle.com/en/database/oracle/oracle-database/26/shard/using-transparent-data-encryption.html)
- [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/encryption-options.html)
- [MS SQL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/sql/relational-databases/security/encryption/transparent-data-encryption)

## Additional Application Level Per-Record Encryption

> To separate database administrators from the access to raw private records, you can additionally encrypt database records such as server private keys in the database using application level record encryption.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To prevent database administrators from accessing raw private records, you can additionally encrypt sensitive database records such as server private keys in the database using application level record encryption.
```
